# Research of September 2023

After my summer break in August, I'm back to work on my project. I'm going to prepare the oral presentation of the project, I need strong arguments to convince the jury that my project is useful and that it can be done.

I'm going to work on the following points:

- The target market, from what I know, there is no major target market for this project, but all the civilian forces can be interested by this project;
- The competitors, there is only one real competitor, [SignAll](https://signall.us/) but it's not accessible to everyone. We need to buy a lot of things to use it, whereas my project will be accessible to everyone with a smartphone;
- The business model, to make sure than this project is really helpful, I'm planning to make it free for the users, but with a support like [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/) to help me to pay the technical costs on the long term;
- The technical feasibility, I'm going to use a mobile application, user friendly and really attractive. Then, I'll need to teach to an AI the French sign language and the French language. Finally, I'll need to create a server to connect the mobile application to the AI. There is a lot of work to do but I think that it's possible to do it. I just need to find time, money and people to teach me what I don't know. Hopefully, I already contacted some people who can help me to do it (I have some friends that are really good in AI, he'll be able to teach me the basics and I have someone in my network who can help me to learn, as the same time as the AI, the French sign language)

The next step is to prepare the oral presentation, I'll need to do a lot of research to be able to answer all the questions that the jury can ask me. I'll also need to prepare a presentation to show them what I'm planning to do.

You'll get more news about the project in October, after the oral presentation.
